#EXTM8U

#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Sport TV
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/70.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUlcAWQ1aBQEAAARUClIHX1ZSUVFVUgZaVlQFC1cHAFIWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwYJSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAgtUSRVFWgERWBICAwpUBEdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNdVQ0TTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYAUgEOUhcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Sport TV 2
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/73.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BDVJXWQ9WV1pbB1ZWDAQDC1NUUgIDB1FQVQcGBgVXVgcWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwYKSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAgtWSRVFWgERWBIEBARREElBUUkXXUoNVA49AAMQUQZUG18LQllfSRENXmlQVwxTCwcWC0EIGk8XCxEURFxWEF1VSUdVXEcXUhZVFA4QUwFRVBYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQUAWg8IQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Sport TV 3
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/74.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BDFRSXV0HAlVSAVYACl0DAAAEUQMFXVEGVVIMUFhRXVUWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwYNSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAgtTSRVFWgERWBICBwJVBkdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNcUwQTTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYAUgEPVhcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Paramount
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/602.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUFRUDgwCV1ADBl5SXgMFAQEAVgEDB1BVAAcDA1dQAQEWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcJV0kVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpRVhsXQwxXQAoUBQNSBlRBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBcUwUTTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUAwOWhcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Paramount
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/603.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BA1dXCgoAVFVWBVIHXFcGXwEGDlRRAwFVUQFSVlAKVlYWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcJVkkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpRUxsXQwxXQAoUBQdQAlRBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBdWg0TTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUAwPVhcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/66.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BAAVSAA1TVFNaVABWXQcCDldRAFFQUVJbCA8HUQVWUwYWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcPSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghTSRVFWgERWBIHBQFZAUdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNWVBYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQAJUAwBQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/64.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BBFcCXAAHUVsDAldTWVYICFZUUwZVVAUHAlUMUVdQUFAWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcNSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghUSRVFWgERWBICAgFXBEdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNWVBYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQAJUAoLQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/62.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BA1AACg1aUQRQUFRRXVQHCQcAVQ0LAFIACAUCBFAAUVMWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcLSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAglTSRVFWgERWBIHBQpUAEdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNQVAQTTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUw8LUxcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/63.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUVNVCFkHAQFQUwUHC1cEAQZSAAYDXVFTUQZXVFlXVwcWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcKSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghVSRVFWgERWBIHBAtZA0dPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNWVBYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQAJUAkLQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/65.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUlQBC1sGAVoGUQJVDlIADlFWU1ABAVAAAlAHBQNQVwIWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcMSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghWSRVFWgERWBIPAQNREElBUUkXXUoNVA49AAMQUQZUG18LQllfSRENXmlQVwxTCwcWC0EIGk8XCxEURFxWEF1VSUdVXEcXUhZVFA4QUAFSQRgTAFdNDUEQG0ZcRHo3ExVHAE9BVgtAC19YFghDRhZBGBMKS2cRUBEWFgMHVQBDG19HBxcfR14DSGlXXQ9cAABAWAxWS0EPQFNUVlYIVRMVRwhYW1oRXBBvRl1WQwhHVwwCUAEaHg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/66.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BAAVSAA1TVFNaVABWXQcCDldRAFFQUVJbCA8HUQVWUwYWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcPSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghTSRVFWgERWBIHBQFZAUdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNWVBYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQAJUAwBQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/67.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BVwMCCg0AUFIEVlNRXFJTXANRBQMDVApTA1cHBgULUVcWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcOSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghSSRVFWgERWBIHAQtVC0dPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNWWhYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQAJUA4LQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Premiere
http://66.90.84.58:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/68.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BBFUGXQlSDVtWBV4AXANVClNSUQwEVwZbU1VXU1QHVFYWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwcBSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAghSSRVFWgERWBIHAQRTAUdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNWVBYdQVtXFlsWEB1EXBonYxtJR1JNRwBdEVlZWhBbEBEQFh1BUUs8RwcREBQDWQhUS0dfFQURSREPUU5rUQ5cCwZXRQpXVhAXWEBVVlYIVQEbSUdaWl0MRw1CaURbBRBfQQAJUA8MQUg=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Espn
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/53.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BDAZaDg5aAVdRUFYCXgZXDwRWUQBSAANSAgRQVAMAVVQWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwQKSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAglWSRVFWgERWBIHBwFYAUdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNcUAwTTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUw8JVxcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Espn4
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/56.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BB1RTDgFSBFYHUFMCC11VAVFTUwEHAVBTCQIHBlIGUFoWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwQPSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAglTSRVFWgERWBIHAQNTBEdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwBXUAETTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUw8JWxcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", UFC
http://66.90.68.66:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/307.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BVVIAWQBRB1JSUQNTD1xVAVFXVFQEUAAHBVMEUFgKUFEWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwIJUkkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpWUBsXQwxXQAoUAARYAVZBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBXVwcEQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgEKWgRAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Esportes", Combate
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/49.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BAlcHAAkGVgZUVVRRC1dUWFEHBgwKAwFXCQ8BBwBTU1AWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwUASUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAglUSRVFWgERWBIHBQJZAEdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwNTVwATTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUw4PWhcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Variedades", Syfy
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/174.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUFVTDlsHA1BbXVBXAFBSDFFQAwEHVQoEVgdSCgNUUlYWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAOUUkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpWVRsXQwxXQAoUAAVQAVNBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUVg0EQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgoMUQdAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Variedades", Viva
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/153.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BDAhTDVtQBwYHVFFSWlEDCVdTVA0HVARUBwVWBlZUBwEWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAMVkkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpXXBsXQwxXQAoUAAVQBlVBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUVQUDQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgoLVgVAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Variedades", Modo Viagem
http://66.90.84.58:8080/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/151?Play&token=GRJeVUEJEF9BBQVaWl1bU1IEUV9QCVQBWgBQBwBWVwdXVgNRUVQFUFAWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAMVEkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQtdUhsXQwxXQAoUBQVRBlRBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUVQIDQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TVwEIUARAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Variedades", GTN
http://66.90.84.58:8080/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/150?Play&token=GRJeVUEJEF9BVldbDQhbUwNVXAMCD1YEX11VVgULBgFQBwYHVlIDVgAWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAMVUkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQtdUhsXQwxXQAoUBQVTAlNBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUVAMGQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TVwEIUQFAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Variedades", Canal Brasil
http://66.90.85.74:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/15.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BAwJSAVlTBQQBVgQEAQdXClBSUlNXA1cGVFUCA1VXB1EWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAMSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAwBcSRVFWgERWBIHAQdZAkdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwBVVA0TTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYDUw4LUhcf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Variedades", Futura
http://66.90.68.66:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/244.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BV1RVWw1bAQQBUlUHXAcDCFUBBVcBBAoAVQQABFcGU1cWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwMNUUkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpWVhsXQwxXQAoUAAVQAFNBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBXUQIHQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgEJWwxAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Filmes", Megapix
http://66.90.68.66:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/182.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUlQAXA9XUFBSAQUCWQQHCgZTAgxXUQtTVlBQUQQDUVcWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwABV0kVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpWVxsXQwxXQAoUAARUA1JBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBXUwYBQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgABVwxAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Filmes", Studio Universal
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/173.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BUAlUWw4CBwNaUgcDXQEHXFBTDwULUAMDB1dRV1RXVwAWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAOVkkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpXXBsXQwxXQAoUAANWBVdBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUUQ0BQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgoMUgdAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Filmes", Universal Tv
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/177.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BBgVSCgACUVpbAFcHCwEAWgRVUgAGVQRSBQUAU1VUVlsWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAOUkkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQpWVBsXQwxXQAoUAAZZBF1BGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUUQUFQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TUgoMUAJAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Infantil", Gloob
http://66.90.84.58:8080/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/133?Play&token=GRJeVUEJEF9BAwAGAF1aVFIGXV9XDVZSAVcBBlcGUFZVAFIDBVEGXFoWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwAKVkkVQEAAQT1ZUhYIQwFUQRgTF1FVBhdYU1JeXglRAQtdUxsXQwxXQAoUBQdRB1dBGBMGQEwGRwwDCDkCXRNYWgBHDVtGCV9OEllabQVXCAJaVUECGlMXTkANFRYaX19MCQkbF1EMRxBRQlEQWxBUVQ0AQRQaAFoXDBAUHxpfE3s3RxsXVh1HB15FXV0PEF9BQEJBFBoKRj0QARUSSgBQVAAXFQ8RVRFOEltVSj5RCg1aVABMUQxbEUBeRFcIVQEJVUcbF14KXQtEWUZtEVsBQQ4TVwAAWgxAHw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://img2g.hdawiyr1g.xyz/preview/18a68bae-fef2-4a7e-92b0-0a0379ffcd06?ctx=%2Fhome%2Fimage%2F18" group-title="Notícias", GloboNews
http://67.159.32.82:8080/live/13erTgyh67QxGf24/090ijkPlwqm45WsRfc/84.ts?token=GRJeVUEJEF9BBgVSXQtXUVEEBVEFC1MDX1EGDlYFVlBaAgUHBlEKAwIWHUFLTBFQAw87DwIaXwkNSUdCRlYXbAtUFA4QUgNHTxZFClVdQQ9TVFxeVwxVAgtSSRVFWgERWBICAgpXAkdPFlQbTF0RWwMOOwIDTgxSXEdfWUBfCR9AX1hrVgRfBA1QE1kaCEEZQAsXFkQCC0RVCUkVV1oRQQNEUxYIQwBXVwETTxpbDEAMFhYfRAJHc2tHSRVQSxFWDENfW1xDCEcXRxNPGlEQahAHFxIUXQRcXBdHDRcDRx9AXVdMbQJdCw1RUhdRVw1GQFhGV1YIVQEJR0kVWFwLWhZfRGtCCFZHWRYAUQgLUxcf

[Program finished]
